This is the repository for Clawtoast, a project to create a modular testing
system for electronics.

By publishing a modified version of this repository, you automatically license
your modified version according to the copyright information below. If you do
not wish to license your modified version under those terms, you must modify
this README file to remove all license statements that you disagree with. Note
that publishing a modified version without releasing your modified version under
the GNU GPL v3 may be a violation of copyright law.

## Warnings and disclaimers

Warning: The software, instructions, and other contents of this repository are
likely to contain serious errors. Following the instructions in this repository,
or using the software or other contents of this repository, may damage or
destroy any or all connected devices. Do so at your own risk!

This repository is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

The above warning and disclaimer of warranty apply to the entire contents of
this repository, regardless of whether or not any additional warranty or
disclaimer is present in any individual file.

# Copyright information

This file (README.md) is copyright 2023 Tanner Swett.

This file is part of Clawtoast. Clawtoast is free software: you can redistribute
it and/or modify it under the terms of version 3 of the GNU General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation.

To the extent to which it is legally possible, all of the contributors to this
repository release the entire contents of this repository, and every part of the
contents of this repository, under the GNU GPL v3. Note that this repository may
contain files that were authored by other people and copied into it
automatically as part of a template, and such files may or may not be licensed
under the GNU GPL v3. The lack of a license statement in a particular file may
indicate that it is such a file.
